so we're checking out my wonder berries
some more and it's the end of December
it's January December 28 9th and they're
pretty much been just getting hammered
and hammered by storms I'm on the ocean
and rain and cold and ice I just wanted
to show you what'll happen to that the
tops and the leaves will just bail they
don't do well in the wet mold
environment and they'll fall off a lot
and whether or not this should already
be you know fully flowered or not I
don't know it'll totally live through
the year and seasons it's just that if
it's late flowering then in fruiting it
may not you know fully fully happen but
as of January you can still easily I
like to call this the like a bell flower
plant by the way because just the way
the hanging I mean lamps the Chinese and
lamps you know it's really nice the way
all of these hanging down
and I just wanted to show you that still
hanging on but at the same time you're
going to lose a lot to rocks and mold in
the wet in the wet seasons but these are
getting ready to flower
I mean fully they've done flowered this
is this is past flowering by the way
these are the fruits okay once if you've
seen the other videos on this once this
flowers this these just kind of hard to
reach all the positions here this is
actually like a six foot tall plant and
a lot of it is uh oh I guess that's the
point I was supposed to be out here
showing this is that it's broken off
what's happened is all the rain is and
wet cold this and whatever is just it's
just killed the top of it and you know
and so then these leafs are blocking the
whole bottom layers so it's still living
and stuff and then these top leaves get
it and they start molding or rotting or
whatever and they day off but at the
same time it's it's fully viable meaning
that it's healthy and happy and these
are like new growths and meanwhile all
below that stage we still have lots of
flowering fruits and so after the after
the flower which is a black and or it's
a yellow
yellow tubular purple flower it's really
nice
after that gets flowered and pollinated
by pollinator Spees then it starts these
what I like to call the lanterns and
this is totally hollow feeling it's it's
you see I can squeeze it and it's just
this perfect little lantern about the
size of the eight corner so we're not a
eight corner walnut a big walnut it's
actually bigger than a walnut they're
all different sizes I mean depending on
their growth patterns and they have
purple ridges on the outsides and what's
going on right now on the inside this
there's a little fruit and they're a
little teeny green fruit and it's
hardening up and it's just attached to
the stem right there and this whole
cover it is all hollow and it's just
doing some kind of magical embryonic
type of thing I don't know you know a
lot about how these things work I'm just
describing it you know from my
understanding this right here is
you can see there's a little green fruit
in there and that's an undeveloped going
to die
fruit and this fruit should turn into a
literally looks like a golden raspberry
and that's what we're hoping we'll be
able to fully develop off of this plant
and it's like I said it's going to be
the coldest month of the year right now
and it's in the 30s I live on the ocean
and in Northern California so it's
raining cold and windy 40 mile an hour
winds and such so yeah these this is
that flower it just died back recently
and then they've all been pollinated
they get pollinated really easily and or
in my yard because I have a lot of my
whole yard is natural so I have a lot of
life-forms that are actively searching
out in my yard to pollinate plants and
whatever and survive because there's a
lot of pesticides and stuff around him
so the waiting thing that'll be great it
looks like a figure that you can get
this the better chance you'll have of
its surviving throughout the year is
another point because of the fact that
they do actually die back and the rain
and the freeze will kill your plants so
if you have a small plant like this then
you have a much like less likely chance
of it surviving year round and or in the
below 30 below 40 degrees and in the
rain season specifically to the
combination it it grows actively you
quick and happy it's a really happy
plant it'll just take off actively
so I guess that's a yes that's good with
for that all right well I hope you get
to see the fruits